“In the end, we're all dead men. Sadly, we cannot choose how, or when. But what we can choose is how we decide to meet that end, so we are remembered forever as men.” — Gladiator
"Beware that beast called Comfort. He’ll never hurt you, but he’ll also never, ever help you to your goals…. Anything worth doing doing in this world will not be easy." — Carlos Xuma
“Watch your thoughts; they become words. Watch your words; they become actions. Watch your actions; they become habit. Watch your habits; they become character. Watch your character; it becomes your destiny.” — Lao Tzu
"Our minds become a cumulation of all the data we consume." — Ash Blankenship
“What you do is more important than how you do everything else, and doing something well does not make it important.” — Timothy Ferris
“A remarkable, glorious achievement is just what a long series of unremarkable, unglorious tasks looks like from far away.” — Wait but Why
"It’s what you practice in private that you will be rewarded for in public." — Tony Robbins
"No single event can awaken within us a stranger totally unknown to us. To live is to be slowly born." — Antoine de Saint-Exupery
"The meaning of things lies not in the things themselves, but in our attitude towards them." — Antoine de Saint-Exupery
"Perfection is finally attained not when there is no longer anything to add but when there is no longer anything to take away, when a body has been stripped down to its nakedness." — Antoine de Saint-Exupery
"Transport of the mails, transport of the human voice, transport of flickering pictures-in this century as in others our highest accomplishments still have the single aim of bringing men together." — Antoine de Saint-Exupery
"Love does not consist in gazing at each other, but in looking outward together in the same direction." — Antoine de Saint-Exupery
"When you give yourself, you receive more than you give." — Antoine de Saint-Exupery
"The time for action is now. It's never too late to do something." — Antoine de Saint-Exupery
"It is only with the heart that one can see rightly; what is essential is invisible to the eye." — Antoine de Saint-Exupery
"I know but one freedom, and that is the freedom of the mind." — Antoine de Saint-Exupery
"Each man must look to himself to teach him the meaning of life. It is not something discovered: it is something molded." — Antoine de Saint-Exupery
"The 'true man' does not fear death because he returns the energy as he received it, pure and uncontaminated by desires or anxieties: The True Man did not forget where he began; he did not try to find out where he would end. He received something and took pleasure in it; he forgot about it and handed it back again." — Chang-Tzu
"If you're willing to restrict the flexibility of your approach, you can almost always do something better." — John Carmack
